You're shaking around, it's making me dizzy.
So unsteady
How to be the mistress of the Lu family in the future
Mom, that's easy to say
The courtyard has already told me that I will not have any more children.
I can't let that little bastard who borrows his life
Go and inherit the business of the Lu family
Don't worry.
The heir to the Lu family can only come out of your belly
This is the new season of senior costume designers
Request for recruitment
You handle it yourself, it's Mr. Lu
Your qualifications are not suitable
You know it's not suitable without looking at it.
You are the interviewer
I am the interviewer
If I say you are not suitable, you are not suitable.
Garbage should be thrown in the trash can
You wait to eat
This is the senior designer of the Lu Group
It's not just a cat or a dog
Go away
Don't go too far.